Move definitions around. Clarify DKP implementation and blinding mode for test vectors. (#256)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

- contextString, a domain separation tag taken from the client or server
  context.

The data type `ClientInput` is an opaque byte string of arbitrary length
no larger than 2^13 octets. `Proof` is a concatenated sequence of two
`SerializedScalar` values, as shown below.

~~~

> SerializedScalar Proof[2*Ns];

Reviewer: Either `opaque Proof[2*Ns]` or `SerializedScalar Proof[2]` is correct.

Author: Sadly, the latter isn’t. The number denotes the byte count, not element count. We were misusing this all along.

Reviewer: It's correct as is. Reference: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8446.html#section-3.4

"Input", "Blind", "BlindedElement", "EvaluationElement", and
"Output" fields.

> Base and verifiable mode use multiplicative and additive blinding as
> described in {{base-client}} and {{verifiable-client}}, respectively.

Reviewer: Although it's verbose, it is easier to understand.

```suggestion
Base mode uses multiplicative blinding while verifiable mode 
uses additive blinding, as described in {{base-client}} and 
{{verifiable-client}}, respectively.
```
